feat(codebuild): Lambda compute for codebuild projects (#27934)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/aws-codebuild/README.md

Alternatively, you can reference an image available in an ECR repository using the `LinuxGpuBuildImage.fromEcrRepository(repo[, tag])` method.

### Lambda images

The `LambdaBuildImage` (or `LinuxArmLambdaBuildImage`) class contains constants for working with
Lambda compute:

```ts
new codebuild.Project(this, 'Project', {
  environment: {
    buildImage: codebuild.LinuxLambdaBuildImage.AMAZON_LINUX_2_NODE_18,
  },
  // ...
})
```

> Custom images are not supported, so please use a static method such as `AMAZON_LINUX_2_NODE_18`.
> See documentation for other constraints.
> https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/lambda.html#lambda.limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Visit [AWS Lambda compute in AWS CodeBuild](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codebuild/latest/userguide/lambda.html) for more details.
```
